In this video, we are going to start building
our Web Base Network Automation Application.
Okay let’s just start.
Let’s open the command prompt. Let’s
create a new project.
Let’s try to dir.  Here we can see that we
have a new folder with the same name as our project.
Let’s cd to this directory.
Now let’s create a new app.
Okay now we have a new app. In this video,
we are going to display hello world.
Let’s open the code editor. First, we need
to register our new app to settings.py.
Here in the INSTALLED_APPS, let’s register the
network_automation apps.
Next, let’s edit urls.py file.
Let’s remove
unnecessary script.
And we need to import include here
Let’s add a new path. In this case we use
root url. And then include network_automation.urls,
network_automation is the name of our app.
Next, we need to create urls.py file inside
network_automation directory.
We can just copy and paste from urls.py file inside our
project directory.
We don’t need admin here. We can just delete
it. We also don’t need include.
Now let’s change this to views.home.
Because we use views here, so we need to import
it.
Now let’s create home function in views.
Let’s import HttpResponse first.
Now let’s create the home function
We will just return a simple html expression
to show hello world here.
Let’s run our project. Open the command
prompt and type python manage.py runserver
Let’s open the browser and navigate to 127.0.0.1:8000.
Okay, now we get Hello World!
This is the end of this video.
In the next video we are going to add a bootstrap to our project.
Thankyou for watching and see you on the next video.